How to slowly kill you
It's a great chef
I said no one can save the grandmaster
I am Daxia Shenwei Hou
If you dare not see it, I want the Pearl Union Nine Clans.
Hurry up
What a lot of nonsense
Dare to resist, right?
Report, right?
I'll kill you all
Sugar guns can't handle you
Ah!
Do not come
I am what everyone Shenwei and my teacher, minister and hero aspire to
If you dare to touch me, I will.
Ah don't kill me
Don't kill me!
Master save me
Here's a dragon chair to steal my marriage
I kicked your name and tried to kill me?
I forgive you
If I insult your parents and sell your wife and daughter, will you stop?
If you dare to do it, I will destroy your nine clans
Trash, just give up and capture it, I am
Ok wife ant
How dare you speak against me
Sure enough, it's not that a family doesn't enter a house.
The same breath
Hurry up and say goodbye to your apprentice.
Take your daughter home tomorrow.
What put my daughter in your hands?
You don't know that my master likes hair the most
Today's son can't change it, there is no tunnel.
I let you not get it.